---
page_title: "msgraph Provider"
description: |-
  The msgraph provider allows managing resources in the Microsoft Graph API.
---

# msgraph Provider

The msgraph provider allows managing resources in the Microsoft Graph API.

~> **Warning**
This plugin is in early alpha! Functionality is incomplete, and may be broken. Expect bugs, and [please report them](https://github.com/msgraphtf/terraform-provider-msgraph/issues)!
Releases may contain undocumented breaking changes, and no commitment to backwards compatibility is provided at this time.

## Known issues or missing features

- All resources and attributes are using a custom plan modifier which may not be suitable for all things.
- Not using write-only attributes where applicable.
- Lacks automated testing.
- Lacks extensive logging for troubleshooting.
- Error messages and handling can probably be improved.
- Some resources and data sources have had to be manually adjusted (`generate/augment`), such as by excluding properties. Removing/fixing this will simplify development.
- Documentation lacks examples.

## Requesting new endpoints
Not all Microsoft Graph endpoints are supported (yet). This is simply so that I don't get overwhelmed with issue reports or failed builds for the hundreds of endpoints that the Microsoft Graph API supports. So I am slowly adding new endpoints as the project matures.

That said, if you have a use case for a particular endpoint, then I am committed to adding new endpoints upon request. Please [open an issue](https://github.com/msgraphtf/terraform-provider-msgraph/issues), requesting the endpoint you want, and I will add it as soon as I can. And please provide feedback and bug reports for it.

## Authentication

This plugin supports several different methods for authenticating to Microsoft Graph:

- Authentication via Service Principal with a client secret.
  - Requires configuring the `tenant_id`, `client_id`, and `client_secret` values.
- Authentication via Service Principal with a certificate.
  - Requires configuring the `tenant_id`, `client_id`, `client_certificate` or `client_certificate_path`, and `client_certificate_password` values.
- Authentication via AzureCLI.
  - Requires no configuration. The provider will fallback to this option when the above options are not available.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    msgraph = {
      source = "msgraphtf/msgraph"
    }
  }
}

provider "msgraph" {
  # Leave empty to use AzureCLI authentication
}

variable "test_user_password" {
  type = string
}

resource "msgraph_user" "test_user" {
  account_enabled     = false
  display_name        = "Test User"
  user_principal_name = "test_user@contoso.onmicrosoft.com"
  mail_nickname       = "test_user"
  password_profile = {
    password = var.test_user_password
  }
}

resource "msgraph_group" "test_group" {
  display_name     = "test_group"
  mail_enabled     = false
  mail_nickname    = "test_group"
  security_enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_certificate` (String) Service Principal client certificate, base64 encoded. This can also be sourced from the `MSGRAPH_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE` environment variable.
- `client_certificate_password` (String) Service Principal client certificate password. This can also be sourced from the `MSGRAPH_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `client_certificate_path` (String) Service Principal client certificate path. This can also be sourced from the `MSGRAPH_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH` environment variable.
- `client_id` (String) Service Principal client ID. This can also be sourced from the `MSGRAPH_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String) Service Principal client secret. This can also be sourced from the `MSGRAPH_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- `tenant_id` (String) Azure AD Tenant ID. This can also be sourced from the `MSGRAPH_TENANT_ID` environment variable.
